Creating the repository is almost identical to what we just did
with the service with a few slight changes.
So let's right‑click on com.pluralsight.conference again.
We'll say New, Java Class, and we'll call this repository.UserRepositoryImpl.
Hit Enter.
And then we'll create almost the same method in here.
We're going to replace a couple things in here in another demo.
We'll say public User save User user.
And then we'll return that user instance as well and save this.
The next thing we want to do inside of here though is annotate
this as a repository instead of a service.
And then we're going to right‑click and refactor this
as well and say Extract Interface.
This will also be in the repository package.
We will call this the UserRepository, not UserRepositoryImpl.
We'll also opt to include that saveUser method and say Refactor,
Yes, and click OK.
And now we can go back to our UserServiceImpl and auto
wire inside of here our UserRepository.
And our UserRepository now can be used to call save on that object.
So we'll say UserRepository.save user.
We have all of our pieces wired up for the user repository and the user service.
One thing we don't have yet though, inside of our UserRepository,
is our PersistenceContext.
To add that, we can just use the annotation @PersistenceContext,
and we'll create a private instance of the EntityManager and store it to the
entityManager variable because that's really what the PersistenceContexxt is
under the annotation is our EntityManager.
Now that we're in sight of our save method,
we can just say entityManager.persist user.
And since we are doing a persist or a save instead of just read‑only data,
we do need to wrap this whole thing with a transaction.
So let's switch back to our UserServiceImpl, go to our save method, and we
will add an annotation for @Transactional, and we will choose the one from
the javax.transaction annotations and save this. And our entire code base
is now wrapped in a transaction from the beginning of this method till we
exit back out of this method. So our save will be persisted wrapped in a
transaction.
If we try and run it without this now, it'll actually give us an error. If you omit this step, you'll probably see that error.